{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 ACT I: The Spark\b0\par
\tab This act will set up the premise and vibe of the game.\par
\b Scene 1: Parade Massacre (Prologue)\par
\b0 Detective (protagonist) with wife and kids at a city parade.\par
Light, hopeful tone. Wife laughs. Kids wave flags.\par
A sudden explosion rips through the scene. Screams, smoke, chaos.\par
Freeze frame mid-explosion.\par
Title Screen: RPG MAKER\par
\b Scene 2: The House (Present Day, 3 years later)\par
\b0 One year later. Detective wakes up in a grimy bedroom.\par
Interior monologue: "It's been 3 years, and yet\'85 I still dream about that day. The noise. The fire. Their faces."\par
Low light, a flickering neon sign out the window.\par
Player has the opportunity to look into the mirror to see their disheveled self.\par
The mirror is a repeating motif the player will use, optionally albeit.\par
\b Scene 3: Police Department\par
\b0 Go to work.\par
Shuffle past coworkers \f1\emdash  treated like a burned-out relic whom everyone pities.\par
On the wall: case board with only one active case pinned \emdash  RPG Attacks (unsolved).\par
It's the anniversary. Still no suspects.\par
Coworker turns up the radio \emdash  another explosion is reported downtown\'85 Could the attacks be happening again?\par
Excitement in the police department rises.\par
\b ACT II: The Descent\par
\b0\tab This act should entice players to think through who or what could be behind these attacks. Through a loop of 1) attack happens. 2) investigate the attack. 3) Players must draw their own conclusions from the attack sites. 4) The player has a dream of RPG attack details.\par
\b Scene 4: Attack 1\par
\b0 Charred playground or bus stop.\par
Gather clues: burnt fragments, shrapnel, witnesses, etc.\par
Player leaves the scene when satisfied with their sleuthing.\par
\b Scene 5: Shed Visit\b0\par
After work.\par
Goes to check on the old shed where his brother Caleb lives.\par
\ldblquote My brother lives in this shed, he can never seem to hold down a job.\rdblquote\par
Tools scattered, metal shavings, faint scorched smell.\par
Player monologues about Caleb when interacting with objects in the shed\par
\ldblquote He\rquote s always been off\'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Didn\rquote t he go out west last week?\rdblquote\par
\b Scene 6: Nightmare 1\b0\par
Player dreams about more RPGs and blowing people up.\par
Wakes up, has the option to look in the mirror and see a worsening appearance.\par
Go to work.\par
\b Scene 7: Attack 2\b0\par
Charred scene.\par
Gather clues: burnt fragments, shrapnel, witnesses, etc.\par
Player leaves the scene when satisfied with their sleuthing.\par
\b Scene 8: Visit Caleb\b0\par
After work.\par
See Caleb on the street. Wasn\rquote t he out west??\par
Caleb is cagey, says he just got back into town and hasn\rquote t had a chance to meet up yet.\par
Go to a diner with Caleb. Very Noir.\par
Throws out philosophical lines: "Sometimes the only way to fix something, is to start from scratch\'85"\par
\b Scene 9: Nightmare 2\b0\par
Player dreams about more RPGs and blowing people up.\par
Wakes up, has the option to look in the mirror and see a worsening appearance.\par
Go to work.\par
\b Scene 10: Attack 3\b0\par
Charred scene.\par
Gather clues: burnt fragments, shrapnel, witnesses, etc.\par
Player leaves the scene when satisfied with their sleuthing.\par
\ldblquote Oh, forgot my files at the office\'85\rdblquote\par
\b Scene 11: Go Back to Office\b0\par
After work.\par
Head into PD, chief calls player in.\par
\ldblquote You need to take a sabbatical. This case is too important and you are way too washed up. As your boss, you are on leave. As your friend, please rest and see the work shrink\rdblquote\par
Go home.\par
\b Scene 12: Nightmare 3\b0\par
Player dreams about more RPGs and blowing people up.\par
Wakes up, has the option to look in the mirror and see a worsening appearance.\par
When interacting with door to leave\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t just leave this alone. Maybe the Chief is right and better investigators should officially be on the case, but I need to solve this\'85 For them\'85\rdblquote\par
\b Scene 13: \b0\par
Caleb comes over to talk to the player. They go to the diner again?\par
\ldblquote Chief put me on leave\'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote It's for the best\'85\rdblquote\par
Player thinks to himself \ldblquote Caleb\'85 why are there all of those materials in your shed\'85 I have to ask him\'85\rdblquote\par
Player gets a phone call before he can bring the subject up, it's the Chief.\par
\ldblquote Hey get down to the station, we brought a guy in. He's our guy, has to be.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Caleb, can you take me to the station? There's been a break\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote You should stay out of it, but okay.\rdblquote\par
\b Scene 14:\b0\par
Player and Caleb arrive at the PD.\par
\ldblquote There he is\rdblquote  Chief motions to the dunk tank\par
\ldblquote We found him at the scene of the first attack from a few days back. When police approached him, he ran to his car. When officers boxed him in, the dogs positively ID\rquote d his car for bomb residue.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What are you going to charge him with, owning an antique musket?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote We can\rquote t charge him for the attacks, yet, but he's definitely our guy. We\rquote re working with the DA to see what we can do. Worst case we tail him for a few more days until we have our proof.\rdblquote\par
Player thinks to himself \ldblquote A few more days, who will he attack in that time?!?!?\rdblquote\par
Chief exits the room\par
Player thinks \ldblquote I\'85 I can\rquote t let this go on\'85 I\'85 have to take matters into my own hands\'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Caleb, can you wait in the car?\rdblquote\par
Caleb leaves the room.\par
Player smacks the Suspect in the head and knocks him out. Drags him to his car.\par
Caleb: \ldblquote What the fuck??\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Caleb, we can\rquote t let him get away with this. I can\rquote t let him get away with this.\rdblquote  Player pulls his gun out \ldblquote Caleb, I love you, but you need to drive us home. Now.\rdblquote\par
Caleb drives home.\par
\b Scene 14: \b0\par
Player, Caleb, and the knocked out suspect get home.\par
Player gets Caleb to take the suspect up to the room the player always wakes up in.\par
\ldblquote Caleb, can you-\rdblquote  Caleb knocks the player out.\par
Wake up tied to Suspect, but the ropes are loose. Player sees the gun is on the floor.\par
Player loosens out of rope, gets the gun.\par
The player can interact with either Caleb, Suspect #1, or the mirror. A prompt will ask \ldblquote Shoot X?\rdblquote .\par
After they shoot, a different epilogue plays.\par
\b For shooting Caleb:\b0\par
BAD ENDING\par
\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe it was my own brother\'85 It\rquote s all adding up now. The shed, the dodgy nature. I must bring him to justice.\ldblquote\par
Gun blast noise.\par
TV News Broadcast:\par
In other news, a local detective was arrested today in connection with the murder _of his own brother_. Investigators are claiming the victim, Caleb, and another man from the Police Department earlier today.\par
In other news, members of the community are cautiously hopeful that no additional RPG attacks have occurred lately\'85\par
\b For shooting Suspect #1:\b0\par
OKAY ENDING\par
\ldblquote Finally I will know peace, my family will know peace. I cannot let you escape justice.\rdblquote\par
Gun blast noise.\par
TV News Broadcast:\par
In other news, the perpetrator of the RPG attacks from 3 years ago has met what some are calling a deserved end. We now know the name of the man who pulled the trigger, Caleb. Evidence retrieved from [INSERT SUSPECT 1 NAME HERE]\lquote s apartment ties him to being the original murderer.\par
However, despite his death late last week, another attack has occurred, leading investigators to determine these recent attacks to be copycat crimes.\par
\b For shooting self:\b0\par
GOOD ENDING\par
\ldblquote It was me the whole time. It\rquote s all making sense\'85 the lack of sleep, the smell of RPGs on me, the vivid dreams\'85 They weren\rquote t dreams\'85\rdblquote\par
Gun blast noise.\par
TV News Broadcast:\par
\ldblquote Local detective dead in harrowing RPG Maker encounter. The detective is suspected of having been the one orchestrating the recent copy cat attacks on the city. Here we have his brother, Caleb, for more.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote My brother was a good man, unfortunately the anniversary of the attacks combined with his own trauma surrounding the original attacks 3 years ago placed him into an altered mind state. I believe the investigators say he was building bombs out of his shed at night.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Astonishingly, the original perpetrator was with us that night. I had little choice but to be held at gunpoint by that man. He forced my brother and I to take him to our house and stow him.\f0\par
}
 